Allow use of KRaft mode only with `KafkaNodePools` (#8822)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/operators/ref-operator-cluster-feature-gates.adoc

IMPORTANT: **KRaft mode is not ready for production in Apache Kafka or in Strimzi.**

> Enabling the `UseKRaft` feature gate is possible only together with the `KafkaNodePools` feature gate.
> To deploy a Kafka cluster in the KRaft mode, you have to use the `KafkaNodePool` resources.
> More details and examples can be found in the xref:deploying-kafka-node-pools-{context}[Deploying Kafka node pools procedure].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling the `UseKRaft` feature gate requires the `KafkaNodePools` feature gate to be enabled as well.
To deploy a Kafka cluster in KRaft mode, you must use the `KafkaNodePool` resources.
For more details and examples, see xref:deploying-kafka-node-pools-{context}[].
```
